1.Question 1
What is AWS Trusted Advisor?



a:Professional Services offering that helps you migrate to the cloud


b:Partner program that helps you validate your application deployment


c:Online tool that helps you configure resources to follow best practices


d:AWS service that helps you manage access to your account
Ans:c

2.Question 2
What is the AWS term for physically distinct groups of data centers?



a:Edge location


b:Cluster


c:Region


d:Availability Zone
Ans:d

3.Question 3
Who owns and maintains the infrastructure required for application services for customers to provision and use?



a:Amazon Web Services


b:System Administrators


c:Dev Ops


d:AWS customers
Ans:a

4.Question 4
An AMI is a template that contains a software configuration such as an operating system, application server, and applications.


a:False


b:True
Ans:b

5.Question 5
Which of the following statements best describes Auto Scaling?


a:Pre-configured templates for your instances that package the bits you need for your server


b:Increases or decreases compute resources on demand to meet your deployment needs and minimize costs


c:Monitors the usage of AWS resources to manage load balancing


d:Provides high throughput and low latency
Ans:b

6.Question 6
Which of the following statements best describes Amazon RDS?



a:An in-memory caching service.


b:A fast, fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse solution used to efficiently analyze all your data using your existing business intelligence tools.


c:A very high throughput, very low latency, fast NoSQL database service.


d:A database engine that can be used with MySQL server, Oracle, Microsoft SQL server, PostgreSQL, and Amazon Aurora.
Ans:d

7.Question 7
Unlike RDS, with Amazon DynamoDB you don’t need to define the underlying hardware you’re running your database on.



False


True
Ans:b

8.Question 8
What type of storage is Amazon S3 used for?



a:Block


b:Object


c:File


d:Image
Ans:b


9.Question 9
Databases and EC2 instances are most performant using block-level storage.



a:False


b:True
Ans:b

10.Question 10
You’ve uploaded a PDF document to your S3 bucket.
When you try to access the object’s URL, you get an error. What could be the cause of this error?



a:You’ve exceeded the maximum upload size.


b:You can’t upload a PDF document to S3.


c:Your object doesn’t have private read access.


d:Your object doesn’t have public read access.
Ans:d


11.Question 11
What is an advantage of using Amazon EFS over Amazon EBS?


a:EFS can only live in one subnet.


b:EBS can only live in one subnet.


c:EFS can be attached to multiple EC2 instances simultaneously.


d:EBS can be attached to multiple EC2 instances simultaneously.
Ans:c


12.Question 12
When creating a VPC, what items must you include? (Select two)



a:Region

b:Security Group


c:IP Range


d:Internet Gateway
Ans:a,c

13.Question 13
Which of the following is NOT an advantage of AWS cloud computing over on-premise computing?



a:Pay-as-you-go pricing


b:Large upfront investments in physical servers


c:Provision compute capacity on-demand


d:Broad selection of hardware and software resources over the internet
Ans:b


14.Question 14
Which AWS service allows you to use compute capacity without worrying about provisioning or managing underlying hardware?


a:Amazon ECS


b:Amazon DynamoDB


c:Amazon S3


d:Amazon Lightsail
Ans:d

15.Question 15
According to the lecture, why does AWS exist?



a:To replace your entire IT department


b:To eliminate heavy-lifting tasks for your IT department


c:To create more server space


d:To replace all your hardware
Ans:b

